Measure sub command to collect measurements in past (#511)
cloud-bulldozer/kube-burner: docs/measurements.md

In case of not meeting any of the configured thresholds, like the example above, **kube-burner return code will be 1**.

> ### Measure subcommand CLI example
> Measure subcommand example with relevant options. It is used to fetch measurements on top of resources that were a part of workload ran in past.
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Measure subcommand CLI example

This subcommand can be used to fetch pod latency metrics from pods that were created in the past.

```
```
